Update input revision number to 4.75 (#418)
magpiemodel/magpie: CHANGELOG.md

### changed
- **59_som** Now calculates soil C for fallow

> - **inputs** updated non-food initial prices, MACCs curves, and bugfix Zabel avl_cropland all_marginal setting  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **inputs** updated non-food initial prices, MACCs curves, and removed suitability threshold of 0.1 in all_marginal setting  
```
